
Astro 4x TODO:



add all zoom states back to uni screen from land screen. done.
basic transition between astro and planet view working.

center camera view on planet when zoomed in, can't move around.
done, the transition between screens isn't bad, but could be better.




maybe we could fade the universe screen to zero and open the
planet screen under the universe screen - since we need to 'fade'
into and out of this transition and the land screen isn't built
to fade in/out due to the planet mask. so we might be able to 
get the transition working with the land screen under the universe
screen...





universe view/screen++

figure out the transition between planet and astro views.

we will likely need to create 2 cameras to pull this off correctly,
one cam for uni and one for land.

select a non empty tile
scroll wheel up to zoom in
	this opens the land screen over the universe screen
	but the uni screen is set into closed mode, so no drawing/updating/input
	we navigate land screen, zooming out eventually
	this exits the land screen, and sets universe screen into opening state


we should be able to 'save' the universe, which includes generating
and binary writing many planets and stars within said universe.
so we will need to create a 'universe file' which saves many 'planet files'
somehow (is this in one stream or in many files?) do we save planets or
universes with save games? seems like universe is the way to go.




we need to add resources to land tiles

this is additional columns under each tile type
so we have land type on X and resource subtype on Y
but we only have 1 tile to draw. we will need to increase
the size of tiles to be byte,byte with X,Y draw recs as bytes
we shouldn't need more than 256x256 land id types



resources affect food, production, research, or gold

mineral rich soil +2 food
hydrogen gas +2 food
oxygen gas +2 food

aluminum +2 production
uranium +2 production
titanium +2 production

gold +3 gold
silver +2 gold
copper +1 gold, +1 research

silicon +3 research
palladium +2 research
boron +1 research, +1 production

use apple, hammer, beaker, and gold bars to represent resources


improve world generation routines for all planet types
add more tile types to help fill out planet landscapes
rocky planets are pretty boring, for example
we also need more types of cold terrain for artic planets

dev menu screen++

we have buttons that represent tiles we can click on,
and then paint on the world via RMB. these tiles are
located underneath the save/load buttons. they can have
a text field to describe them too.